Solve This My Practicals list and store each answer in new markdown file(write in educational steps) use markdown tags. ONLY write What i to write in Notebook.
USE CODEs if Needed.
Keep in mind this is for my assinment to write in notebook, so write in notebook format, DO NOT SKIP ANY STEP.

For example : Practical-01.md, ... Practical-N.md
## MCA Semester 3

Practical Programs:
1. Develop a Registration page using standard controls and validation controls
a. Use of radio button, dropdown and combo box is needed
b. Validation to be applied in every control

2. Create a Registration page and store the details in the database.
3. Create a login page and change password page and update the details in the database.

4. Develop an admin page, in which admin can able to
  a. Add new product details
  b. Edit product details
  c. Delete any product
  d. Display the details in the gridview

5. Display the product details in the gridview
  a. Gridview should be sorted according to the products.
  b. Paging should be applied in the grisview
  c. Grid rows should be applied with alterative colors

6.Create a Master page and combine Registration, login, change password and product pages
to be included in the master page. User should able to access any page simultaneously.
7. Display a gridview which displays the details from the database and allow gridview to perform
edit, delete and insert through the grid.
8. Develop an application to create user profile and allow the user to update the profile.
Once you get the input data from the user, the profile data to be displayed in the correct
format for the user to get printout with user image.
9. Create an application form in vb.net to store user's information also validate the
information to display the error message for certain criteria like:
  a. User exceeds max length
  b. If the field is blank
  c. User has entered a numeric in place of char/ vice-versa.
  d. If info is valid it should store the details in the database.
  e. Users should able to display the list of all users' residing in a particular city in a
  data grid
  f. User should also able to edit or to delete a particular user.

10. Implement AJAX control in Asp.Net web application
11. Use LINQ queries to access the database from Asp.Net web application.
